Alabama's defense ends the 2014 regular season allowing 3 rushing TDs.,#Alabama
Why do Alabama and Auburn fans hate each other so much?  via @YouTube
Wearing UAB hoody in airport and guy wearing Alabama shirt tells me how embarrassed he is at the way the BOT is acting. #FreeUAB
Auburn has fired defensive coordinator Ellis Johnson, one day after Tigers allowed Iron Bowl-record 55 points to Alabama.
This is the first time I've seen Rosa Park's mugshot, taken 59 years ago today in Alabama for not giving up her seat. pic.twitter.com/XYT32BR1Bq
I moved to Alabama 5 years ago. It didn't take long to learn people are PASSIONATE about football. is another example of that.
A former Alabama football player who openly pulled for Auburn in the NC game last year has come out in support of UAB. Neat.
Former Alabama players RT Courtney Upshaw, CJ Mosely, Vinnie Sunseri AJ McCarron also tweeted support for #freeuab movement
Notable former Alabama players including AJ McCarron and Vinnie Sunseri have Tweeted support for UAB football tonight.
Alabama is SEC West champions, just in case anyone forgot. #RollTide
RT ICYMI for the crowd: Who makes up the University of Alabama Board of Trustees?  
We got former and current Alabama players tweeting #FreeUAB. Thank you guys!!!
WhiteAlabama's starting 5 OL from the 2012 season (Fluker, Jones, Kouandjio, Steen, Warmack) now are all on active NFL rosters.
From Alabama tailback Derrick Henry's Insta. standing up for pic.twitter.com/l06VM7AoTd
Alabama Native, and Nebraska star RB, Ameer Abdullah Tweets In Support Of The UAB Football Program …
Alabama fans are mad because we lost to them and we still love auburn instead of poisoning trees and killing family members #WarEagleForever
#FreeUAB because they put up 213 more yards against MSU than Alabama did
I support #freeuab Absurd the way powerful people in Alabama have conspired to kill the program.
Last two regular seasons, Alabama has beaten 12 bowl-eligible teams; Missouri has beaten 13. ... MU SOS not as bad as some think.
