actually though MAD RESPECT for the Northstars AAA team, who as a matter of fact all shaved their heads for cancer awareness! #foragoodcause
MarchMy Parents NEW Phones vs my phone      Fav if you agree this is child abuse.            Rt to spread awareness pic.twitter.com/srZfeLtauL
This I've created a custom t-shirt to raise funds & awareness for x vb pic.twitter.com/ukzmqQpQDz
Michael Scott's Dunder Mifflin Scranton Meredith Palmer Memorial celebrity rabies awareness pro-am fun run race for the cure
Help me stop Domestic Violence. RT to spread awareness for a growing issue among teens. pic.twitter.com/onJAitG7Yy
FYSA = for your situational awareness. It’s like FYI, but with far more pretentiousness.
Retweet petition: 100 retweet so your ram nation can wear there own shoes . Please support and spread the awareness. pic.twitter.com/JNsaazWPm2
Here is qCrypt. The known hacker. Rt to spread awareness pic.twitter.com/qT7ib1oJOu
Famous Actor Support #RoadSafety Awareness Campaign. #Helmet Save Life. Are we?? pic.twitter.com/Amq4WLuzp5
Verizon has a Blaze (RED) LG G3 that looks stylish while promoting AIDS awareness 
Elizabeth was the first public figure to empower the cause of AIDS. She was the celebrity pioneer for AIDS awareness pic.twitter.com/pkTbaVbfuN
It's y'all! Tweet me a pic of you in a dress this month & help me spread awareness to END human trafficking. @IJM
Spreading awareness is what makes change. When people are aware they will use their means necessary to make a progression in their own life
If you see this, RT for awareness and to ,,Lizard Squad has tweeted they've knocked Xbox live offline.
Harry wore an AIDS Awareness during the BFAs (just not on the red carpet)
Harry wore an AIDS Awareness ribbon at one point during the BFA.
Did you know 360f drivers text in traffic? Help raise awareness about distracted driving + join the conversation #ThumbsUpPhonesDown.
Well done to all who supported, donated (over  MM) and raised awareness for men's health this pic.twitter.com/La6caaUTrd
IDEK WHAT TO DO WITH MY LIFE CUZ IDK WHAT MATTERS...I WANT TO MAKE MUSIC & ART & ATER TRAVEL N SPREAD AWARENESS & POSITIVITY BUT Y
Great news! Avalanche Canada will receive funding to improve Avalanche education, awareness and safety. 
