Raqqa ISIS Execution and crucifixion Faeq Khalil Al Hamad in Maadan from Huwaija Deir Ezzor pic.twitter.com/XFkvSjoZgN
1.) Jesus returns.,2.) Jesus has PTSD attack from images of crucifixion everywhere.,3.) Jesus goes home.,4.) 1000 years of One Direction.
The Crucifixion of Naomi Wolf for Daring to Question the ISIS Story … via @youtube
Remember what Jesus said to His disciples the night before His crucifixion: “Let not your heart be troubled” (John 14:1). #trust
The Criminal Penalty of Crucifixion as applied to Christ & still legal in some countries today:  #PJNET
ISIS Issues Rules for Journalists; Punishment for Violation  is Crucifixion  
,The Crucifixion of Officer Wilson …
WOLVERINE: Magneto, the very literal and real crucifixion you're doing to me with magic is nothing compared to society,MAGNETO: damn...
its breathtaking in how softly they have treated every mistake Abbott made.,Breathtaking in its contrast to the daily crucifixion of Gillard
The Ascension of Mary Magdalene. This is from the altar of La Madeleine, Paris. ,,After the crucifixion Mary... 
Crucifixion of Peter. By Claes Brouwer. pic.twitter.com/qH7oprFJcc
If the crucifixion and resurrection were such momentous events why's there's no contemporary record and just accounts from many years later?
20. They also claim the spirit of Jesus descended upon him at his baptism but left him just before crucifixion. #Illuminare
My only boast is in the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus Christ. In him I have been crucified to this natural realm...,Gal. 6:14 TPT,,Tori 
Apparently, someone at IKEA thought a stuffed heart readymade for crucifixion was a GREAT IDEA. pic.twitter.com/Hsr4dHRJeP
i hope you all get what you want this black friday (a slow crucifixion)
Carpenter's son lived&died a jew-trying to purify hypocrite elite.His crucifixion made stories.See how few guys turned god these days
And Mark Burnett finally brought crucifixion to #Survivor.
Crucifixion scene on gravestone at St Marys Church Kilkenny city pic.twitter.com/yVMCbdLnTw
