OPINION | Sealing the Land Boundary Agreement with Dhaka is good strategy and mature politics …
and partners started sharing voice sms flood warning experience,  #Dhaka. pic.twitter.com/zR24HcZRIe
Communications Minister Obaidul Quader inaugurated BCL's CleanBangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 5th ODI at Dhaka: Bangladesh completed an easy 5-0 clean sweep over Zimbabwe as they b... 
Congratulations to Taijul Islam who takes a hat-trick on his ODI debut against Zimbabwe in Dhaka pic.twitter.com/gSOk2Vie0O
PM to arrive in Dhaka, on Dec 6 on a three-day official visit  #SAARC
Congregation of Music lovers in Dhaka last night at our concert!!
The audience in Dhaka last night!!
Overwhelmed with the music lovers of Dhaka!! Concert ended at 5.30am!
Bangladesh has whitewashed Zimbabwe  5-0 clean sweep #ODI series winning the final match by five wickets in Dhaka. pic.twitter.com/d6wY0Ng2tE
Interesting but so Sad: says they weren't aware that 16th Dec is the date on which Dhaka fell,now they will change date 2 shut Pakistan
u fuking moulan deisel feel some shame to discuss surrender of dhaka in media ur dad was equally responsible with ZAB who kept quiet
16th December, 1971: Fall of Dhaka. 16 December, 2014: Fall of PTI, if it has not already drowned in its own Tsunami.
I suspect-------->Land deal with Dhaka will halt influx: Modi … …
Dhaka fall also happened b/c Bhutto&Yahya disenfranchised EastPak's ppl.So far NA256,125,154 ppl also disenfranchised,Plan C,#LahoreLockdown
says he'll close down Pakistan by 16 Dec. (Same day as Fall of Dhaka c.1971.) Let's create another great anniversary, people.
Ooopps!,16 December—Dhaka falls—Black Day—Another Niazi!,Did Imran Khan thought this through or sheer coincidence? pic.twitter.com/nkVSF3FHja
16 December significant,,,why16th dec#saqoot e Dhaka
Modi ready to transform Dhaka ties. Tells BJP workers that land boundary deal will benefit Assam in the long run: 
KGB helped R&AW to break up Pakistan in 1971 siince both had an active role behind  Dhaka's fall - Yuri Bezmenov RT  
NIA team which is in Dhaka has collected very damaging evidence regarding Burdhwan-Shardha link …
Appreciate, India needs to follow----->Bangladesh bans funeral prayers for war criminals in Dhaka 
