God is calling me to be greater than my past, and He will equip me to overcome temporary struggles
MT Some new Nike equip for Tiger: Vapor Speed prototype driver; Vapor Speed 3 & 5 woods; Vapor Pro Blades and RZN Black ball.
The money Obama is asking for so that police agencies will be able to be equip all officers with body cameras should be immediately approved
Obama will begin to address the problem that if you equip local police like soldiers they tend to act like them. 
Shock Trauma Go-Team consists of a STC Nurse Anesthetist & Orthopedic Surgeon carrying advanced equip including meds, blood, surgical instr.
I support body camera proposals - will continue to work w colleagues to equip our nation's officers 
Border Communities Call on the Administration to Equip with … #HumanRights
We support the President's efforts to equip police officers with cameras, for their safety and the safety of the communities they protect.
President Obama wants M to equip cops with body cameras 
yeah. That's really poor. Please give generously to equip this unfortunate soul with a spice rack.
If all small network equip. sold in the USA were ENERGY STAR, the energy cost savings would grow to > million each year. #EnergyFact
education is such a powerful tool that not enough people equip themselves with
The White House is calling for new funding to train and equip local law enforcement  pic.twitter.com/TeA8tz1ej0
DJ Sherwood spinning w next-gen DJ equip at #GSD Adv Startup class / pic.twitter.com/8Tw4EK4PV9
Obamas Cabinet meeting will focus on his adminsMove to equip more US police with body cameras after Ferguson unrest 
President Obama is taking a stand and allotting  million to equip police w/personal  #Ferguson
body cams for criminals? sure let's head down to wall street and equip cameras on all the white men in suits. i'm down.
We’re posting different questions everyday as we look to equip the force for the challenges of the future 
BEAUTY TIPS : … Professional Black Facial Massage Table Bed Chair Beauty Salon Equip... pic.twitter.com/pfz8wTkZx6
