I also tried to write David11 0ecrease this boycott. Which is equivalent to 7.5 billion dollars. #ShoutOut #BlackFriday #BlackLivesMatter #BlackoutBlackFriday
Buiter: Is Equivalent to Shiny       ,…
Average playtime for Ep 1 #IronFromIce is roughly 2hrs 15min. Episode is .99USD or equivalent. Less than a movie ticket.
hating yourself for crying about someone is equivalent to hating yourself for having a heart
Childishness? I think it's the equivalent of never losing your sense of humor. –Walt Disney
Finest military detention facility on earth. Islamist equivalent: A PILE OF HEADS. … RT
Just in: Our delicious turkeys are now 750ff the regular price, equivalent to just sh.50 per pound! Stop by your f&e while supplies last!
A screen to Percy Harvin is Geno Smith's equivalent of a deep ball to Mike Wallace.
What the Nats would *want* for Harper, of course, is the baseball equivalent of All the Bacon and Eggs You Have.
Schlep-wise, being in ur 30s and traveling with 2 small kids is equivalent to being a single 20-something moving ur entire studio apartment.
Being attractive won't get you a boyfriend ladies. If holding a conversation with you is equivalent to talking to a mosquito then ur baeless
reminder from world's greatest cryptological minds: US military apparatus is more or less morally equivalent to some anonymous pharmacist
sometimes i forget that some freshmen actually know me so when they walk past me they call me the indonesian-equivalent of 'senpai'
Isn't calling a double foul on a block-charge the equivalent of just shrugging your shoulders and admitting you have no idea?
Aborted fetuses are not equivalent to the life of an 18 year old fresh out of high school and getting ready to start their life
Citigroup’s Buiter: Gold Is Equivalent to Shiny Bitcoin: Dec. 1 (Bloomberg) -- Willem Buiter, chief e...  #bitcoin
PM claims he doesn't have a proactive relationship with Whale Oil. Is that the political equivalent of treating him mean to keep him keen?
I have the body pains equivalent to a 78 year old man
'Core strength' is sort of like the fitness equivalent of having a great personality. i.e. worthless.
dancing bachata/salsa with someone who knows how to take the lead is equivalent to falling in love
trying to fit in is equivalent to trying to break into a prision and lock yourself in. realize that you're free. be yourself. be different.
