OHMYGOD. Is that goddamned mind eraser thing from ETERNAL SUNSHINE ready yet?! I have a person that needs removal, wish-we-never-met style.
SATURDAY,,WICCA PHASE SPRINGS ETERNAL ,,SIREN RECORDS ,,DOYLESTOWN PA,,
For God so loved the world that he gave his one & only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. -John 3:16
gwen stefani and pharrell should continue to work together until one of them dies and no sooner. eternal combo.
All these things on earth and all the things we worry about are temporary.. Heaven is eternal. Remember that
eternal oblivion: coming soon
Her eyes hold so much emotion here, eternal love for this picture.  pic.twitter.com/UKQR9nMdno
Eternal shores, Ireland pic.twitter.com/3aoNI5niaR
Eternal love for you, rest in paradise Patito  Please repost/retweet to get the word out. pic.twitter.com/xL530GQCCL
Thank you Lord for the salvation you have given to me but most of all Your promise of eternal life without end.  Amen!
Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.,,#WorldAIDSDay
Living God, Your reign arches over us, Your light is everlasting. Our praise to you, Eternal One, who brings the evening evermore.
Lord, protect me from those who don't bear my smile, the love in my eyes, my giant heart, my eternal hope, and my  irresistible faith.
My love for penguins is eternal. 
The eternal promises found in the cross are always bigger than our most miserable situations.
I am particularly fond of Aselia the Eternal … Only  pic.twitter.com/jlKO8o6dzE
Sometimes you feel it,,And sometimes you don't ,,But the eternal reality is...,,You are forgiven,,And you are loved
Mario Balotelli uses racism to combat racism, gets stuck in eternal racism loop   pic.twitter.com/y45NBjphsQ
I hope all the people at that tweet #betarocks15 suffer eternal hell fire
[PREVIEW] 141202 Incheon Airport heading to HK - Xiumin | cr miniback0326, cecicela, freezup, eternal_xiu -RSS pic.twitter.com/0DfVtutXY0
