PhoneAnd Enda wants Fianna Fail to join with Fine Gael ..to do what?  Continue the war against the poor that has raged since independence? #vinb
The ex-Fianna Fáil minister in court today once called for 'Babe' to be banned  pic.twitter.com/unvnGfDHkc
Breaking : Former Fianna Fáil Junior Minister Ned O Keefee has appeared in court on 5 charges of fraud related offences. #Tv3News
They fail to mention FIANNA FAIL or in Ned O'Keefe expenses fraud which he calls grossNed O'Keefe, happy to plead guilty ... but only if he has done something wrong. there ladies and gent, Fianna Fail.
WEEKEND - Friday Fianna 8:30 pm Saturday 4pm Gary Og & the Exiles 8pm Derek Warfield &The Young Wolfe Tones.Sunday 8pm Gary Og & the Exiles
it makes the Fianna Fail/fine gael thing seem like a minor little spat
Profile: The ex-Fianna Fáil minister in court today over expenses is no stranger to controversy - 
Former Fianna Fail TD Ned O'Keeffe fined €3.5k for phone fraud 
People who excited about the new Star Wars trailer are the kind of people who will vote Fianna Fail in the next election.
We are deeply saddened to hear of the passing of long serving Kildare Fianna Fáil Cllr, Willie Callaghan. … R.I.P
Voters may force Fianna Fail and Fine Gael merger 
Highly amused at the Fianna Fáilers out in force knocking Shane Ross on the #satnightshow stream
I had a wonderful day with Abu Dhabi Na Fianna GAA today and just want to thank them and everybody else I met in Abu Dhabi. Thank You.
8yr old knows how Fine Gael and Fianna Fail operate, sending  a fiver to lobby for infrastructure! #twip
Laughing here at Michael Noonan chancing his arm on #Sixnews Independents and Fianna Fail airbrushed off ballot paper.
From the 1932 General Election Cumann na nGaedhael attacking Fianna Fail pic.twitter.com/xQLd4GNPWQ
Sinn Fein and Fianna Fail benches in the Dail during important debate on Health Insurance pic.twitter.com/HAV1qNidbc
By Fianna Fail and Fine Gael look set to recruit two Kerry greats to General Election teams 
Fianna Fáil's Sean Fleming has spotted that the new State Boards guidelines do NOT apply to the likes of Irish Water, Ervia, Eirgrid and ESB
