Hong Kong student leader Joshua Wong begins hunger strike to press for political reform   pic.twitter.com/PPUC6xIMi2
MDP PG Leader Ibu-MDP will not support Shareef's bill.This ammendment cannot reform the justice system.MDP's 'insaafuge dhathuru' is broader
The difference between a boss and a leader pic.twitter.com/8oAdnYYjyG
Now a Leader of !
Jack built a young core, found a team leader (Cano) and is augmenting it w/ a power bat w/o giving up young pieces.  Works for me.
I asked one PTI leader why shutting down Pakistan on Dec 16th?He said its surrender day NS will also surrender I said NS is not a General.
are you a leader of gangster squad or something? 
Coach Coughlin...whateverAchieve better bottom line results and be a better leader through improved ,emotional intelligence
IDon't need words - the picture says it all! A leader in synch with the nation's aspirations. pic.twitter.com/lI86xMH3nG
With the inspiring (former opposition leader in South Africa's parliament) & my classmate pic.twitter.com/foQ14m3v4K
2015 Devin Morgan (38 points in season opener tonight for Expect a big year from the senior leader.,#VaHoops
Squads is a group of 25 people and your team puts out a teamtage of all the RC clips & the best players & the leader joins @SpaceBoundClan
We've officially located the leader of , safely secure in the FBI's grasp. , ^HJ
hey anti-#gamergate why is your leader so deathly afraid of debating living people that she attacks the dead? pic.twitter.com/I3oRvCWKum
Wish we had a strong leader in this generation but everyones too obsessed with blue ivys hair and celebrities
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten is coming on #triplejhack at 5:30pm. Got a question you want to ask him? pic.twitter.com/TtJYq8PKi7
Via - student leader Joshua Wong to go on hunger strike to force dialogue w/gov't: … pic.twitter.com/tQsMxkLICc
I hope killer mike keeps growing as a social leader. He could be exactly what we need.
I am the only African American male inducted into National Honor Society at PCEP. The fact is sad, but I am proud to be a leader. #Scholar
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un bans foreign cigarettes, says it is a matter of patriotism - Yonhap source
