The national debt has surpassed  trillion. ,It was .6 trillion when Obama became POTUS: up 70 0n six years.
Obama vows to address 'simmering distrust' between police, minorities 
Obama answers Ferguson protesters:,no cuts in  for police militarization, cops 2 get more high-power weapons …
Obama requests  million for police body cameras and training in wake of Ferguson  pic.twitter.com/mElB9FhE4D
Poor Rex Ryan. The last person to have that much confidence in a losing squad was Barack Obama during mid-term elections.
Republican aide resigns after saying Sasha and Malia Obama lack 'class'  Malia Obama  #UPDATE
This sweet unarmed waitress was killed by black thugs for tip money no Al no Obama no DOJ investigation no hate crime pic.twitter.com/6XFsdbB7Dc
BREAKING NEWS ,Congratulations America Obama signed a bill into law today taking away your freedoms of speech. 
You won! Now impeach Obama and end the Fed now!  pic.twitter.com/eaVBkjuiCR @cspanwj
Style, format & presentation of the are based on the preferences of the current president. President Obama asked for it electronically.
hearing great things about mtg with young activists. we know Obama gets it, now let's get make some real changes! #Ferguson
Lmao Obama like YOUObama's sympathy 4 looters because they are doing same as him on smaller scale! pic.twitter.com/1PxodJL582
Goodlatte Slams Obama for '1 of Largest Unconstitutional Power Grabs Ever' … #KellyFile
. to 'Does Obama Have an Adult Relationship with the Truth?' … #KellyFile
Since Obama acted on immigration issues, his popularity is up with all Americans and surging w/Hispanic Americans: pic.twitter.com/dlobvlOHte
GOP staffer resigns after saying Obama girls should tryPresident Obama called for a spending package that includes  million for body cameras on police 
Just curious ... will they name the burned out street in ObamaHill staffer Elizabeth Lauten resigns after remarks about Obama daughters … #Maddow
Ron Paul: Nobody wants to be defense secretary in Obama administration  pic.twitter.com/f4fYM1FXZ1
Pres. Obama requests M to improve US policing, including M to buy 50,000 body cams:  pic.twitter.com/3qxb7XXj9o
