stop shaming girls for wearing makeup. like obVIOUSLY we don't look the same without it. u have to be a special type of idiot to think we do
Batman voice was obviously based off of Ja Rule's
If it's a matter of comfort, Lester is obviously going back to the Red Sox. Cubs are going to have to beat their offer.
Hornets coach Steve Clifford on blowout loss in Atlanta: Lack of intensity 'obviously unacceptable' to fans ,,…
Please download run on I tunes, stereo kicks version obviously  but please help us get high in the charts 
I just found out I can use the TV remote from under the blanket so obviously my day was better than yours
CONFERENCES: ACC (9), Big Ten (7), B12 (7), Big East (6), P12 (6), SEC (4), A10 (2), MVC (2), WCC (2). Obviously, it's V-E-R-Y early...
Jacob Reynolds is from Nashville China obviously
Why continue to be so hung up over someone who obviously feels no ways? Don't waste your emotions on that ish
If he misses you, he'll call. If he cares, he'll show it. If not, he can't be worth your time because you're obviously not worth his.
Don't assume my tweets are about you. But if you’re affected by them, you're obviously guilty of something.
Obviously going to take a selfie in the gym for fitness party pic.twitter.com/8HMt52ZQU4
I'm gonna be unfollowing inactive accounts frequently, to make room for people who are active. If you see this you're obviously safe 
louis bottom or harry bottom? — louis obviously 
Obviously a few issues for the Dolphins to address after this game, but I want them to focus on going back to the old logo.
I'm doing one of those paint and drink classes tomorrow.  Obviously chose to paint this chunky owl. pic.twitter.com/kFJqazghNM
If you hate on me just block me on social media:) I'm obviously not gonna stop pursuing my dreams:)I don't really care about your opinion;)
Who's watching ? My HANDSOME and beautiful friends on the Top 8 are obviously gonna slay.
I think it's so rude to ask someone why they do something /wear something they obviously like & isn't harming you in any kind of way.
for everyone whos telling me its monday you obviously havent seen carters vine
Message