EM trivia: to remove tar on skin, cool it, then use antibacterial ointment. The petroleum base dissolves it over 12 hrs #EMtrivia #EMonCall
Aquaphor Healing Ointment Dry, Cracked and Irritated Skin Protectant, 14 oz Jar: Aquaphor Healing Ointment Dry,… 
yo man I think u left ur ointment for your rash in my car must've fell out of ur pocket
Luke 7:38 and kissed his feet, and anointed them with the ointment.
That's called a rash he just needs to get some ointment form the store like the privileged white man that he is pic.twitter.com/VTEbBOrujY
The annoying thing about putting horrible ointment in your eyes at night is not being able to watch telly in bed.
Ointment crew with serafin_castillo 
JustHey you left your ointment for the rash you have on your ball sack at my house!! Come asap #bestgf #lookingoutforu
So my Mum applies ointment into my eye which requires your eyes to be closed once done, then asks me to go get a tissue whilst blinded
That moment wen u get medicine ointment in ur eye and ur whole eye instantly turns red and then on top of tht ur mom walks in and flips out
Nope! My new video will be up soon and I'll show u what I use RT do you still use A& D ointment, on your face? 
From the Papyrus Berlin (1300BCE) - as a treatment for inflammation; #cannabis foliage is mixed with white oil and applied as an ointment.
 - Helpful Tips to Choose Between Lemon Balm Ointment, Cream and Lotion pic.twitter.com/eDWct5OETd
 - How to Make Lemon Balm Ointment/ Salve/ Balm pic.twitter.com/LzAcfRDNT7
I have this strong feeling that many people will be making a trip to their local pharmacy for sting ointment and Benadryl.
Watching Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakkarra bat together is the ointment for cricket's deep scars. #SLvEng
29/11/93: In one stratagem for not working today I clean dried ointment from the nozzle of the Vaseline Derma Care hand-lotion dispenser.
THAT LOOK THAT KATNISS AND PEETA GIVE TEACH OTHER WHEN THEY'RE PUTTING THE OINTMENT ON THE OTHER IN THE CAVE IT KILLS ME EVERY TIME
