TownePlace Suites Tulsa North/Owasso is an all suites Hotel with larger than average rooms. Living, working and... 
remember that one time I was in owasso with Avery and I was blonde pic.twitter.com/s2yxJkJ36b
Owasso/IHOP bound with my sweet twin  @Lindseyheal
Reinstated Owasso police officer's back pay to be addressed by City Council - Tulsa World: Homepage2 …
Class 2A Football State Semi-Final:  Oklahoma Christian School vs. Nowata will be played Friday at Owasso High School at 7:00 PM #okpreps
Just booked my flight! Going back to Owasso for the holidays.
23 days until everyone at Owasso highschool gets a mustang
Showing the quality of our facilities!  2A Football State Semi-Final:  Oklahoma Christian vs. Nowata will be played Friday Owasso 7PM
Please welcome to Little Rock Cody McGill. He's a 6-2 / 205 lbs RHP from Seminole St. College via Owasso, OK. pic.twitter.com/oglgXlXXAW
Nowata Ironmen vs OCS Saints,Friday, Dec 5, 7:00 Owasso,2A State Semifinals,Let's pack the house for this one!! #IronmenFootball
Sometimes you have a really awesome friend that will drive to Owasso & pick up your family & then you all get a Christmas tree together
2014 Playoffs - Class 2A Semifinals,Oklahoma Christian vs Nowata,Friday, Dec. 5th - 7:00 PM,Owasso HS
OSSAA says 2A semi between Nowata & OCS will be next Friday at 7pm in Owasso #okpreps
We will be open by the end of spring or early summer! I'll b seeing u soon! RT I need a in Owasso!!! @OkieFields
T2095 Owasso is crushing our redcard goal of 125. Just saved our 265th guest 5A bar in an Owasso cow pasture is closing after decades in business. As you might expect, the place has character(s): …
Owasso: a place where nothing happens and all of your friends are always busy
Every time I drive by Mexico Lindo in Owasso, it has a new name & a new coat of paint..
OKHSGN Rankings,11/25/14,Class 6A Division I,1.   Union,2.   Jenks,3.   Owasso,4.   Mustang,5.   Broken Arrow
Massage Envy Spa Owasso is today's AllOwasso Cricket Wireless owned & operated by Naylor Communications LLC be open from 8-7 on Black Friday. ,,Come... 
