Urge to quit school and become the next Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs is strong.
The excitement in this post is too raw, not even Mark Zuckerberg was this amped over facebook  pic.twitter.com/IjKgkxqSVN
Zuckerberg buys Instagram for  billion. Hey Mark, next time try buying something worthwhile. Like a  billion top-secret cave hideout.
I will never download the messenger app. You hear me, Zuckerberg?! NEVER
Mark Zuckerberg is the only person whose Mom says please concentrate both on Facebook and Whatsapp. #MTVStars
Like Mark Zuckerberg, food companies know that making lots of decisions can leave you vulnerable to bad choices. 
Worry less about Santa watching and more about Mark Zuckerberg.
The Devil’s bargain on immigration between Facebook’s Zuckerberg & GOP Establishment … pic.twitter.com/JVUb1ZNxnm
On his Facebook page, Zuckerberg likes horseracing, Daft Punk, Jay-Z, and The Godfather.
How to Grow Your Passion-Based Business Like Mark Zuckerberg 
My latest article | The Devil's Bargain On Immigration Between Facebook's Zuckerberg & GOP Establishment - 
Mark Zuckerberg knows: small decisions add up. Food companies shouldn’t target us at checkout, when we’re worn out. 
10 years ago today Facebook was founded by Mark Zuckerberg and his college friends pic.twitter.com/cxIS0NWdaX
Mark Zuckerberg Just Revealed His Grand Vision For The Next 10 Years Of Facebook … via @sai
Do Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, George Clooney, Brad Pitt < All Democrats have “White Privilege?,,Your argument falls on it’s face! #FAIL
Who cares if people call you crazy? People like Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg, and Bill Gates were all called ... …
For Zuckerberg to drop out of Harvard he had to get into Harvard. Most people tend to forget that part.
Mark Zuckerberg vowed to only eat meat from animals that he has killed himself.
As Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg once said, TheMove fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough — Mark Zuckerberg pic.twitter.com/Z76BQxfgBg
